you know and just always just being hit
in the head you know
like quite a bit makes me concerned
recently i went in to
have my brain scanned at a place called
peak brain institute and they did all
this stuff
and their uh professional opinion was
that
my brain was far less damaged
than they'd imagined it would be and
that
more than the injury
residual injury to my brain that what
stood out to them was
long-term drug and alcohol abuse
[Music]
i make this video in the context of the
year 2020
when i'm hearing a great deal of earnest
and agonizing reflection from african
americans
asking themselves asking one another on
the internet here on youtube why do we
look up to
the celebrities that we choose
to put on this pedestal why do we have
respect for
athletes rappers
actors often enough people with
criminal records with a lot of
experience with drug use
drug addiction often enough drug dealing
but it always seems so strange to me
that they're not just looking at the
other side of the coin which is that
white people in the united states of
america worship
drug dealers worship drug addicts even
within
the subculture of vegan
and animal rights activism white people
worship criminals white people worship
imbeciles and fools and i don't even see
white people
within you know western american western
european culture
i don't even see them making excuses of
these people trying to convince
themselves or others that they're
brilliant or that they have some
redeeming qualities that compensate for
this background in terms of
drug addiction and criminal behavior and
so on steve-o
in this image you see on screen
seems to have a tattoo on his knuckles
promoting peta people for the ethical
treatment of animals
that is in fact photoshopped
if you google around you will find out
what he actually
has on his knuckles
like so many things about the
interaction between stevo
and petta this is a kind of fraud
this is a kind of image manipulation
in every sense of the term the evidence
that stevo is not now vegan
and never has been vegan is blatant
what you see on screen here is stevo
cooking eggs that much is obvious it may
not be so easy for you to see
but you can click through to the
ingredients list
this recipe includes also chicken breast
mozzarella cheese quite a few non-vegan
ingredients above and beyond
eggs i know that some vegans say in a
sort of over-the-top
emotionally anguished way that someone
never really
was vegan they complained that a
particular person was never
deeply and profoundly vegan were never
truly committed to veganism ethically or
psychologically or spiritually
that's not what we're talking about here
in the case of
someone like steve oh i mean to suggest
to you that in the
simplest most down-to-earth sense he
never was
vegan he was a drug addict
with a public relations problem he was
famous and trying to be
more famous and he started promoting
himself
by promoting peta and petta started
promoting themselves
by promoting him shout out to the
authors at live kindly who wrote a
remarkably honest article about this
live kindly is not
a hard-hitting or incisive source of
information
but in this case they took a step closer
to to real journalism and i i sympathize
with the
the effort they made they described here
that the current controversy but the
extent to which stevo
is now vegan or ever was vegan began
because of statements he made on
twitter and instagram he makes excuses
such as saying that he's not vegan
because his
cats aren't vegan he sometimes suggests
that he still has never eaten meat
only fish you've just seen videotaped
evidence this is untrue this is complete
nonsense
and we don't have any evidence that he
ever was someone who even
made an effort to be truthful or earnest
what we do have evidence of
is that he had this series of meetings
with people for the ethical treatment of
animals covered in this lib kindly
article in which basically his
role as a spokesperson for peta was a
brokered deal
was a mutually beneficial arrangement
between the two and you could estimate
how much money it's worth but i'd
suggest you that it was worth at least
hundreds of thousands of dollars
if not millions of dollars when petta
came to film the
circus spot at his apartment he says he
made a comment to cho
worried that filming something for
animals while sitting on his leather
couch
seemed hypocritical he justified the
couch to her though
citing native cultures who honor entire
animals yes i'm sure if you visited the
factory
where the cow was carved up and turned
into a
couch i'm sure they were sitting around
and having a prayer circle in a tent
full of smoke and graven idols that
would completely
morally exculpate your role in this
steve
the leather coach comment is the same
logic he's comfortable with now when it
comes to eating fish
but he says back then he took his
statement to cho a step further
quote but i don't eat mink so that's why
you'll never see me infer close quote
cho's eyes lit up steve remembers and
she asked him right then
if he would do an anti-fur spot for peta
he agreed from there he went on to do a
number of other pet endorsements
including anti-dissection ads that's the
one with the frog
and the fake tattoo being shown on his
knuckles
endorsing campaigns and receiving awards
from the organization
endorsing peta was a two-way street in
some ways
as much as he validated the group's work
the organization also validated steve
who was railing against his drug
addiction and starring on a show many
didn't take seriously
and as he struggled with his sobriety he
found his ethical choices kept him
grounded
and helped him to honor his body that
he's been so unkind to for so long
look guys if you're choosing someone to
be your hero
if you're choosing someone to be your
idol if you're choosing someone to be
your
political leader is it too much to ask
that you'd have
some of the same skepticism that you'd
go through
some of the same fact-checking
procedures
that you would apply to hiring a
babysitter
if you're hiring someone to come in and
live in your house
and take care of your kids and maybe
sometimes sleep on your couch overnight
would you care if you found this kind of
material
about steve oh showing that he has
serious
long-term brain damage from a serious
long-term
drug habit you know and just how i was
just being hit in the head
you know like quite a bit makes me
concerned
recently i went in to have my brain
scanned
at a place called peak brain institute
and they did all this stuff
and their uh professional opinion was
that
my brain was far less damaged
than they'd imagined it would be and
that
more than the injury
residual injury to my brain that what
stood out to them was
long-term drug and alcohol abuse